hey I'm nominee one from similar and
from Sony calm and this the unboxing
video of the Nokia 5110 C box in front
it says Nokia is serious
not yet a 51 not yet you serious once
again here again so on the back you have
some pictures of the e51 some key
features and six different languages and
other than that some pictures showing
the features new camera vibe Wi-Fi
internet Fuji and a bunch of more of
course Bluetooth a 60 Java and 2a player
and one thing which caught my eyes was
the size of divorce so if you compared
with the box of the Nokia n95
this is pretty thin and small too so one
reason for this is maybe also the size
of the e51 which I will show you now
let's open it yeah you have to be 51 and
as you can tell it's pretty thin and
smart feels and looks indeed pretty cool
really impress of this device so far ok
let's see what's that's in here so of
course the battery then we have the mini
USB cable on the second floor we have
the headphones
then we have the CD or dvd charger would
be small and of course some guides and
manuals so that's it stay tuned for more
pictures videos impressions and so on of
the Nokia 5110 Cheers